One Time, there where 2 People with 2 Kids, The First Kid's Name was Hänsel, the second kid's name was Gretel.
Hänsel and Gretels Family weren't that rich, so their dad needed to work hard to get some Money. They also did not had enough
food for all. One Time their Mother said to her Husband: "We don't have enough money or food for Hänsel and Gretel, when we do not have
enough for ourself, we can get the Kids out for a walk on the Forest and let them there with some bread!" The Father said "No, we can't
let our Kids starve in the Forest! They are just kids! Our Kids" After an big argument, they both agreed to bring the kids in the forest.
On the next day the Parents bring their Kids out in the forest, after a while, the Parents were going away back to their Home and let their Kids
stay in the forest with bread, but little did they know that Hänsel actually did make a Trail of Bread, so in the night
they ate their bread, and in the morning they were going that Trail back to their Home. When their Mom saw that, she was angry, but their dad
was really happy. On that night their Parents were talking again: "Their Back! How did they do that? We have to get rid of them somehow" said
the Mom "On the next day we do the same again, but this time deeper in the forest." So they did, the next day they were going deeper in the Forest
and then leaved them again, this time Hänsel did again a Trail of bread, but this time birds keept eating the bread and then there was
no Trail of bread there. Hänsel said: "Were lost now! How are we ever coming back home?", The Kids were just walking now and searching for the bread
and their Home, but when they searched, they found a big House full of gingerbread. When they saw that they feeled very hungry and ate so much
that they could not stand anymore. But then a Voice said: "Crunch, crunch, crunch, who's crunching on my little house!" After that the 2 kids
were shocked, five seconds later the door of the gingerbread house opened and an Old lady with an walkingstick walked out, she said: "oh! How are you
kids? I didn't know kids were here" after that Gretel asked: "aren't you angry?" and the old lady said: "no no my dear, not a single bit,
do you both want to visit me in my house? I have lots of sweets", the kids did not think much and entered. When they were in the house, they ate
lots of sweets, chocolate, sour candy and more, they ate so much that they couldn't say a word, after that the old lady picked Hänsel up and
locked him in a cage, when Gretel saw that she was exhausted and shocked but then the old lady said to her: "Youre gonna help me",
so Gretel did. The old lady was only cooking for Hänsel and gave him so much food, and every time she asked: "Show me your finger! I need to
see how fat you are", and every time Hänsel gave her a thin stick, and she believed it every time! But after one meal she saw that and after
that she directly opened the cage, pushed him out, and wanted to cook him in the oven.
But then Hänsel and Gretel tried to push her in the oven, they pushed as hard as they can, but it did not work, and the old lady said
"Haha, you tried to push me in the oven? That won't work, so now I think you both can be good too" so she held both of them, brang them out of the house and put them in the cage where the old lady said: "You are gonna be so good for dinner.". But then the two Kids had an genius Idea, they picked up an big stone, and smashed the lock 5 times harder and harder and after the 5 times the lock just smashed away and the cage was open, the Kids runned away as fast as possible and also found the way home, then they saw their dad, because the mother died because she was sick, but when her dad saw them, he was so happy and so the kids, Happy End.
